a_long_division.md, before:

## a long division

I stood before the sliding glass looking   
out and over the manufactured pink  
of a crayon colored number two, past  
the weathered wooden deck and into the   
fenced stillness of a winter-gray morning.  

Color, sleeping since fall, made it's stand    
against the season in the bright yellow     
plastic and chains of a cedar playset      
unused yet swinging in invisible   
wind where the lot stopped and the field began.  

The new year had come and brought with it the    
things that new years bring–new books, new money  
new television, new recordings of   
new people with new and rambling lists of   
things to do or never to do again.

It, the new year, also brought time to mind.    
Time, which tends to pool at the start of years      
among scraps of thought and holiday fat–    
Time, evident in the long beard and grease  
stained pajammas that told tales of bacon–  

Then time in its own context turned itself  
from the cold now of the new year to a      
faint image caught in a silverless glass.  
My refelection perhaps? Though not of me  
it was me. Connected yet not the same.   

Yes, there in the kitchen, before breakfast,    
with morning spilling through me note by note,  
I could see some forked version of myself  
whose thought, while distant, seemed twisted in mine  
like white milk swirling in dark black coffee.   
        
As I was looking forward to the new    
year here was some version of me perhaps    
some shadow of the person I used to  
want to be lingering in a soft-boiled  
fog of memory and thought and dream like    
a fault in time both present and remote.

Commit message:

getting to the heart if the division poem. the theme of coming back to a poetic vision of the world - of poetry once again playing a role in a life that had largely left it behind - might yet give this particular poem som substance.

a_long_division.md, after:

## a long division

I stood before the sliding glass looking   
out and over the manufactured pink  
of a crayon colored number two, past  
the weathered wooden deck and into the   
fenced stillness of a winter-gray morning.  

Color, sleeping since fall, made it's stand    
against the season in the bright yellow     
plastic and chains of a cedar playset      
unused yet swinging in invisible   
wind where the lot stopped and the field began.  

The new year had come and brought with it the    
things that new years bring–new books, new money  
new television, new recordings of   
new people with new and rambling lists of   
things to do or never to do again.

It, the new year, also brought time to mind.    
Time, which tends to pool at the start of years      
among scraps of thought and holiday fat.    
Time, evident in the long beard and grease  
stained pajammas that told tales of bacon.   

Then time in its own context turned itself  
from the cold now of the new year to a      
faint image caught in a silverless glass.  
A refelection perhaps? Though not of me  
it was me. Connected yet not the same.   

Did I, in the kitchen, before breakfast,    
with morning spilling through me note by note,  
manage to catch some fork of myself  
whose thought, while distant, still twisted in mine  
like white milk swirling in dark black coffee?   
        
Is this the poet? The publisher? The  
rockstar? The writer? The critic? The fool?  
Is this the quantum pilot who through the   
study of Everett and Blake found a way   
to cross dimmensions using nothing but thought?  

I wondered and the words came back to me.
