README.md, before:

## Poems (for now, but seriously considering renaming to "Cantos")

This repository is a collection of work-in-progress poems (cantos really) written in the markdown syntax. It started as an attempt to expose my creative process (to myself and to anyone who may care to watch) and track the nature and number of edits a final version of a given poem will go through. I decided to use git (as opposed to some other tool like mediawiki) simply because it makes sense to me and it's a tool I use on a daily basis. I also found it affords a level of textual simplicty that more bloated CMS style tools loose in their effort to be complete publishing tools. In the process of thinking through the implications of using a code management toolchain to write poetry I became quite interested in exploring how true the old Wordpress tag "Code is Poetry" is and whether it runs in the inverse (ie "Poetry is Code").

# A note about forking
These poems are simply me writing to myself and are not intended for any other purpose than to exercise my brain. They are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/deed.en_US). What that means is tht you can fork this repo if you like. You can also edit, rewrite, and otherwise use these poems in any way you should see fit. The only restrictions are that you make your resulting repository availble under the same terms and that you do not use the work or resulting work in a commericial way. It is also my hope that should you choose to fork this repository you continue to use git for all version control and editing and Markdown for all markup. In other words, please refrain from taking these poems offline or into some other platform other than github and please keep the work in a format that will make it easy to merge back into a main repository.

# Metadata
While there is no formal metadata syntax at the outset of this project, I am considering using a standardized metadata format (some sort of YAML perhaps) and will update this space with that information when I have decided on what, if anything, it will be.

Commit message:

another step toward the realization of this repo as a single poem rather than a collection

README.md, after:

## Poem(s) (for now, but seriously considering renaming to "Cantos" or some other indication that this is in fact a single work.)

This repository is a work-in-progress poem (a collection of cantos perhaps) written in the markdown syntax. It started as an attempt to expose my creative process (to myself and to anyone who may care to watch) and track the nature and number of edits a final version of a given poem will go through. I decided to use git (as opposed to some other tool like mediawiki) simply because it makes sense to me and it's a tool I use on a daily basis. I also found it affords a level of textual simplicty that more bloated CMS style tools loose in their effort to be complete publishing tools. In the process of thinking through the implications of using a code management toolchain to write poetry I became quite interested in exploring how true the old Wordpress tag "Code is Poetry" is and whether it runs in the inverse (ie "Poetry is Code").

# A note about forking
These poems are simply me writing to myself and are not intended for any other purpose than to exercise my brain. They are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/deed.en_US). What that means is tht you can fork this repo if you like. You can also edit, rewrite, and otherwise use these poems in any way you should see fit. The only restrictions are that you make your resulting repository availble under the same terms and that you do not use the work or resulting work in a commericial way. It is also my hope that should you choose to fork this repository you continue to use git for all version control and editing and Markdown for all markup. In other words, please refrain from taking these poems offline or into some other platform other than github and please keep the work in a format that will make it easy to merge back into a main repository.

# Metadata
While there is no formal metadata syntax at the outset of this project, I am considering using a standardized metadata format (some sort of YAML perhaps) and will update this space with that information when I have decided on what, if anything, it will be.
