## Poem 
This repository is a work-in-progress poem written in the markdown syntax. It started as an attempt to expose my creative process (to myself and to anyone who may care to watch) and track the nature and number of edits a given version of an extended length poem might go through. I decided to use git (as opposed to some other tool like mediawiki) simply because it makes sense to me and it's a tool I use on a daily basis. I also found it affords a level of textual simplicty that more bloated CMS style tools loose in their effort to be complete publishing tools. In the process of thinking through the implications of using a code management toolchain to write poetry I became quite interested in exploring how true the old Wordpress tag "Code is Poetry" is and whether it runs in the inverse (ie "Poetry is Code").

# And then this happened.
At some point in the very early onset of this experiment the thought occurred to me that perhaps I wasn't envisioning a collection of poems, but rather had stumbled on to a framework for my own exploration of a technically focused twenty-first century epic poem. While the actual content, themes, structure, are all to be determined, what seems clear to me at this point is that this is a definite attempt at coming up with a compositional technique that has something of the transparency of open source software. 

# A note about forking
**This is not a collaboration project.** This poem is simply me writing to myself using tools that organically I hope will capture the evolution of the poem from raw concept to something else. It is not intended for any other purpose than to exercise my brain and provide insight into the effects of code producing tools and web-level transparency on the eventual work. Even so, I am licensing it under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/deed.en_US). What that means is that you can (for whatever reason) fork this repo if you like. You can also edit, rewrite, and otherwise use this poem in any way you should see fit. The only restrictions are that you make your resulting repository available under the same terms, that you give proper attribution, and that you do not use the work or resulting work in a commercial way. It is also my hope that should you choose to fork this repository you continue to use git for all version control and editing and Markdown for all markup. In other words, please refrain from taking this poem offline or into some other platform other than github and please keep the work in a format that will make it easy to merge back into a main repository.

# Metadata
While there is no formal metadata syntax at the outset of this project, I am considering using a standardized metadata format (some sort of YAML perhaps) and will update this space with that information when I have decided on what, if anything, it will be.

# Further Thoughts
For more on the what and why of this all check the [wiki](http://github.com/mturro/poem/wiki) and be sure to read commit messages - some are informative.
